If I had to start over again tomorrow, I
could only use organic content to get up
to 200K a month as fast as possible.
This is exactly what I do. I'm going to
explain this whole process to you. And
the reason I'm saying this is because at
the time of this filming, I have like
26,000 YouTube sub Twitter account under
my name. I have a LinkedIn profile and
an email list of like 26,000 people. And
that alone pulls in probably about
$200,000 a month in profit just like
that organic stuff. Functionally, how
does that work? How does the whole
system work of like what I do? Because I
don't have a huge YouTube channel. Like
I'm not like a famous guy on YouTube.
Like I get between 3,000 15,000 views or
whatever and like it's really not that
much. But like how am I able to pull in
like bare minimum $200,000 a month in
profit just off that context. We're at
like 1.2 million a month right now. A
lot of that comes from my software
company. So what I'm referring to like
$200,000 a month profit. I send all of
like my organic traffic to coaching and
consulting offers. That's what I'm
referring to in here. Like it's like 200
grand a month like coaching consulting.
How do I do that? So I want to explain
this whole content system to you. It's
really not difficult at all. Like it
really just isn't. So, this all stems
from the king of what I do is my email
list. A lot of you guys might be on my
email list, but I send the email to my
list anywhere from three to six times a
week and it's very valued emails. So, I
need to give you like a overarching
strategy of how I fundamentally operate
in online marketing at all. My core
premise of everything is I need to get
the maximum amount of people who have
watched or consumed 10 hours of exposure
to me. Why? Because people who have
consumed 10 hours of exposure to me are
the most highly probable to convert and
buy stuff from me. What I'm trying to do
is get the maximum amount of people who
know, like, and trust me because you
will only buy something from me if you
know, like, and trust me. So, this whole
content system is all about maximizing
how quickly and how many people fall
into the pool of those who know, like,
and trust me, right? And the most
efficient way to do that is to give them
hell of content to consume and frequency
like always be in front of them. So
everyone on my email list gets three to
six value emails, right? It's not like
this annoying direct response kind of
like buy this, buy this, buy this, buy
this, buy this, like constantly
peppering them and being a nuisance,
right? I will go and sometimes write
essays to this email about like this
specific thing is working right now and
this is like all the evidence and here's
graphs to explain it and like I had
someone do this and here's the results
and like it's like dense useful
information constantly rammed at these
people, right? And I get people who are
responding to my emails all the time and
I love it. They're like, "Bro, this
email is so good. This is the king."
Right? I kid you not, like probably 60%
of that $200,000 a month in profit comes
from the email. But you need to get the
email, right? You need to feed the email
list somehow. You need to get the people
on the email list in the first place.
So, how does that work? Tons of
different strategies here. Let's walk
through YouTube. So, I sometimes make
YouTube videos. I'm always going to CTA
something. I'm going to make a call to
action to something in the YouTube
video. So, I might say, "Hey, you
literally can just join the email list
or the link in the description." Some
YouTube videos will be made specifically
around a specific lead magnet. there's
like a free download. So like I have a
lot of videos where I go over documents
and stuff and sometimes it be like,
"Hey, you can download this document if
you go here and you put your name and
email on here and then now you're on my
email list." Or it might be like, "Hey,
I have this like AI tool or whatever and
you can download this and then you
download that, now you're on my email
list, right? I'll make YouTube videos
dedicated to promoting a specific lead
magnet." That's like the core one CTA of
the video, right? And what I generally
try to do is make these YouTube videos
SEO optimized for a specific like
problem somebody's having and like I
want it to rank. And you can literally
get like 5 to 10% of the people who
watch the video to download the lead
magnet. So you get like a,000 views. You
can get like 50 to 100 email addresses
from that. You get what I'm saying? Like
I have one lead magnet where it's got
like 1,300 downloads so far. I think
I've got like four of these on YouTube,
but I think over time I'll have like 50.
You know what I'm saying? Like it's a
strategy I will regularly employ. like
I'm going to do that. And then the same
thing on Twitter. Twitter and LinkedIn,
they do this thing where it's like,
"Hey, like, leave a comment and then
I'll automatically DM you like a link to
download this." And you send the link
and it's like a optin page. You get the
email and then you get them on the email
list. Right? So, what I'm saying is like
you have to imagine that like you have
the email list as the king and then you
get all the YouTube videos that feed
over to the email list. Then you use
those same lead magnets on uh Twitter
and and LinkedIn. You feed that to the
email list. And then you send
values. This is super important. That's
valued dense emails. You need to
actually be saying something. Very
important that you do this. Now, before
we get on, if you want help building
this kind of stuff for your business,
like how do I even build like this
funnel and make this work, you should
join the get clients challenge that we
are hosting soon. It's a 5-day live
challenge. And this whole topic I'm
talking about today, I go super in-depth
on this on day five for an hour and a
half. I got a very long presentation on
exactly everything I'm talking about
today in this video. It's the first link
in the description. You can check that
out. It's 5 days live of offers,
outreach, sales, fulfillment, and
funnel. It's the first link in the
description. You should check that out.
But let's keep going in this video. And
I want to break down what I'm cing. So,
for instance, we have the email list,
and I want you to just imagine this. So,
we have the email list right here, right
in the center, and then we got the
YouTube videos that feed the email list.
And then we got Twitter and LinkedIn
that feed the email list. But you need
to have other funnels as well. So, like
for instance, I have client ascension.
That's a VSSL funnel, right? So, that's
VSSL. You could book a call for a client
ascension. Also have Olympia. That's
another VSSL funnel. You could book a
call for that. You can opt in on those.
If someone comes from somewhere else,
like they somehow find those, they opt
into those funnels, then they also get
added to the email list, and the email
list directs them back to the VSSL page
to book a call over there. You see what
I mean? So, sometimes you'll find in my
YouTube videos, I just directly link to
one of the offers and then maybe it's an
opt-in page, sometimes it's not. You'll
get there, opt in on one of those, and
then you're on the email list and get
peppered with other offers, right? Which
is another important thing to
understand. What makes this work so well
is that there are so many different
things to buy from us, right? You have
client extension, you have Olympia, you
have the get clients challenge.
Sometimes there's other like low ticket
products and just like random little
things to buy. There's a at our software
company list kit, there's a bunch of
different products to buy. There's just
things to purchase. And like what you
got to understand is like all you're
trying to do is put out the maximum
amount of useful content because what
this does is it just feeds the pool of
humans on the planet who know, like, and
trust, right? And even if you were
running ads for low ticket products,
like my whole strategy of scaling like
1.2 million a month right now. The way
we got here is by having so many
customers and things for sale that when
we launch a new thing, it could be like
a one-time like special promo for some
special offer or something too. You just
send it to all of the people who have
already bought something else from you
and it just immediately sells out just
like that. You got to understand that
it's got to be like 80% of the money we
make comes from people who have already
paid us money for something else. And
like 20% of the money we make is from
cold traffic, like buying something for
the first time. You get what I'm saying?
But when you first start, you don't have
people who have already paid you money.
So like what I'm getting at is you just
need hella different funnels and hella
different content pieces CTAing to all
the different stuff and you have like
one master aggregator which is the email
list and then even the email list CTAs
to all different offers. Even if you are
on my email list, you'll see I do this
thing. It's like at the bottom of every
email it says my offers and it'll be
like two, three, maybe sometimes four or
five things that you can buy from me
just at the bottom of the email. There's
just so many different traffic sources
of just trying to get people to know,
like, and trust me, just assets being
useful and so many different offers and
things for people to buy at all. This is
the scaling strategy of how this work. I
go super deep into this on my hyperrowth
tactics videos that you see right here.
If you click that, there's there's like
more long- form videos of me going like
really really deep into going over
documents and graphs and like breakdowns
of exactly how to implement this. But if
you want to talk to me live and get your
specific questions answered, you should
probably join the get clients challenge
right here. I'll leave a QR code for you
to scan. And it's also the first link in
the description down below u to join the
get clients challenge. It's a five live
day challenge uh with me and my business
partners going over offers, outreach,
sales, fulfillment, and funnels. We talk
about how you can implement this for
your business. So either go to the get
clients challenge or click here. If you
got some value from this video, please
like, subscribe, leave a comment. I love
you. Peace. Thanks for watching. Season.